(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(suspenseful music)
[Tai] Izzy!
Izzy, you have to do this now!
(air whooshing)
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live.
The Digital World.
Tai, Kari, and the other
Digi-destined children
alongside their partner Digimon
continue their adventure.
The hands of evil that are
targeting the energy born
from mass internet disruption
caused the International
Space Station
to begin hurdling through
space towards Earth.
(suspenseful music)
The estimated point
of impact is Tokyo.
With the ISS drawing near,
the Digi-destined are the
only ones who can stop it.
(horns blaring)
(crowd chattering)
And we still don't know
where it's landing?
Not yet, we're still
trying to figure it out.
Moscow reporting.
Why haven't you commanded a
shift to the ISS trajectory?
[Houston Technician]
It's too late.
We can't do anything
at this point.
This is Tsukuba.
The thermal control
system isn't working.
At this rate, there's
a very real possibility
the station may explode.
We're all well aware of that.
What we don't know is where
in Tokyo it will land.
All our control systems
have failed to work.
All we can do at
this point is pray.
(suspenseful music)
Huh?
Over here!
(computer beeping)
You found these?
What are they?
[Agumon] Whoa, crazy!
[T.K.] Are they Digimon fossils?
I bet those fossils are
from ancient Digimon.
And because they
were so massive,
their fossils are
still intact even now.
I wonder what Digimon they were.
They aren't gonna
start moving, right?
Fossils aren't alive.
Maybe it's the way
they're facing?
But it looks like they're
in the middle of a battle.
[Sora] Do you think these
fossils have something to do
with the ancient battle
against Millenniummon?
No.
Battles between Digimon
here in the Digital World
are not only between
light and dark.
Digimon are constantly
fighting one another
for survival, power,
and, at times, even pride.
But, look!
In the sky over there.
Do you see that giant
glowing pillar of light?
Mm.
I imagine that the
tremendous energy
produced by the clash
of those two Digimon
pierced the heavens and
even distorted space.
And even now, after
all these years,
its effects are still lingering.
[Tentomon] Izzy
sure has been doing
an awful lot of research
ever since he got here.
So then, what do you think
is at the top of
that pillar of light?
Ooh, tell 'em, Izzy!
That's the most
important part, isn't it?
(monitor beeping)
The top of that pillar of light
is basically a singularity
leading outside of
the Digital World,
to a place where the Network
is exposed and vulnerable.
If I'm correct,
we should be able to interact
with our world from there.
What does that mean?
It means we can do all sorts
of things to the human world
while still being in
the Digital World.
And one of those things is-
[Izzy] We can change
the ISS's trajectory
from within the Network
the same way we were able to
prevent Tokyo's missile crash.
(air whooshing)
(radar beeping)
Okay, I think I
get the rough idea.
But how are we actually
supposed to stop that thing?
If I'm being honest here,
I don't even remember what I
did during the missile crisis.
The data distorted
by Digimon's power
will be fixed by
Digimon's power.
(suspenseful music)
We're going to snipe
the ISS control point
inside the Network
at a precise angle.
We may even be able to shift
its path toward the ocean
without destroying the station.
(monitor beeping)
Terrific!
Now, what does "snipe" mean?
It means to target
and shoot something.
Except we're not
going to destroy it,
we're going to divert it, right?
Right, and if we succeed,
then the city should also
be safe from any debris.
[T.K.] Which means no one
in Tokyo will be in danger.
That's incredible, Izzy!
I knew you'd come up with a plan
But we only have one
chance to do this.
There's no room for mistakes.
It has to be perfect.
Not to mention there are
several uncertainties
I haven't worked out yet.
And there's no guarantee
this will actually
work in practice.
So this whole operation
is a huge gamble then?
(Sora gasping)
But if somehow we can
get a little closer,
it'd be more accurate.
We only have 20 minutes left
until the ISS passes
through the snipe point.
That's not very long.
20 minutes, huh?
That's more than enough for us.
Huh?
(Agumon grunting)
Let's do it!
Agumon digivolve to...
(fantastical music)
Greymon!
This plan could fail.
Well, we won't know for sure
until we give it a try, right?
[Izzy] Right.
Enough talking about it.
Let's do it.
Sure!
Be careful out there.
I'll support you from here.
Greymon digivolve to...
(fantastical music)
MetalGreymon!
Biyomon digivolve to...
Tentomon digivolve to...
Patamon digivolve to...
Birdramon!
Kabuterimon!
Pegasusmon!
(fantastical music)
How much time do we have left?
We have about 15 minutes.
(fantastical music)
All right, guys,
it's now or never!
(fantastical music)
(Komondomon barking)
[Male Reporter] Moments
earlier, the evacuation order
has expanded from the
wards to all of Tokyo.
If any senior citizens
live alone near here,
please assist them and
evacuate as soon as possible.
I think we can reach the top,
but we're gonna be
cutting it close, Tai!
So we have to hurry!
Mm!
(fantastical music)
(lightning crackling)
(Kari gasping)
Don't worry, I'm here, Kari.
(fantastical music)
(MetalGreymon grunting)
(Birdramon grunting)
Okay, let me guess.
The lightning is
targeting us now.
Pegasusmon!
(fantastical music)
Shooting Star!
(Tai gasping)
What is that?
(suspenseful music)
Analyzing.
It's BladeKuwagamon!
BladeKuwagamon.
(suspenseful music)
(lightning crackling)
Why isn't the lightning
bothering them?
That form of theirs I
probably a digivolution
that's adapted to the
environment over time.
You'd have to be
out of your mind
to wanna live in
a place like this.
Such a dry heat!
[Izzy] This light is a
concentration of energy.
So if you're immune
to lightning,
it's a perfect feeding ground.
(light shrilling)
(MetalGreymon grunting)
Hang in there, MetalGreymon!
We've been identified
as enemies!
Be careful!
Meteor Wing!
(BladeKuwagamon exploding)
(suspenseful music)
(piercing sound)
(Birdramon groaning)
You okay over there?
I'll be fine.
Gotcha!
(Birdramon grunting)
They're tough.
(Sora gasping)
(MetalGreymon screaming)
(suspenseful music)
Kabuterimon, watch out!
I got this, Izzy!
Kabuterimon digivolve to...
(suspenseful music)
MegaKabuterimon!
Birdramon digivolve to...
(suspenseful music)
Garudamon!
[MegaKabuterimon]
Leave 'em to me!
Horn Buster!
Wing Blade!
(suspenseful music)
Keep going!
Just a little bit further
till we reach the top!
How much time do we have left?
(Izzy grunting)
(suspenseful music)
[Izzy] Eight minutes!
Perfect.
We could still make it!
(Izzy grunting)
Okay, Izzy, are you ready?
Let's do it!
(Gatomon grunting)
What is it?
We're about to have company.
Huh?
(Izzy gasping)
(air whooshing)
(MetalGreymon groaning)
(Garudamon groaning)
(MegaKabuterimon groaning)
(bright music)
(T.K. screaming)
(Kari, Sora, Izzy,
and Tai screaming)
(MetalGreymon groaning)
What just attacked us?
Huh?
He did.
(suspenseful music)
Okay, who's this?
Looks like BladeKuwagamon
called his boss.
MetalLifeKuwagamon,
an Ultimate Digimon!
(laser beams firing)
(suspenseful music)
(MetalGreymon groaning)
The lasers are
following us somehow!
(laser beams firing)
(exploding sound)
Jeez, we can't catch a break!
(BladeKuwagamon buzzing)
Gatomon.
Leave it to me.
(Gatomon grunting)
Lightning Kick!
Cat Claw Fury!
(suspenseful music)
(Tai gasping)
Let us handle the
BladeKuwagamon here!
So you guys can go on ahead!
I'm counting on you, T.K.!
(suspenseful music)
Six minutes remaining!
Hang in there, guys!
We're almost there!
(suspenseful music)
(Garudamon groaning)
(MetalGreymon yelling)
(suspenseful music)
(claw slashing)
(laser beam firing)
(MetalGreymon yelling)
My turn!
(MegaKabuterimon grunting)
Wing Blade!
(suspenseful music)
(laser beam firing)
(Garudamon grunting)
(Garudamon groaning)
(Sora gasping)
(Garudamon grunting)
Garudamon!
Sora!
(suspenseful music)
Don't worry.
There's no time left!
Hurry!
(Garudamon yelling)
(Izzy grunting)
(Tai grunting)
Let's go!
We gotta move!
(suspenseful music)
(air whooshing)
(laser beam firing)
(suspenseful music)
(MetalGreymon groaning)
(MegaKabuterimon groaning)
Izzy!
Four minutes left!
(suspenseful music)
(Tai grunting)
The recon satellite's
footage is in.
Pull it up on the main monitor.
What's the altitude?
[Houston Technician] 16,000
feet and quickly decreasing!
(suspenseful music)
(MetalGreymon grunting)
(Tai grunting)
(suspenseful music)
(MetalGreymon yelling)
[Izzy] Tai!
MetalGreymon!
[MetalGreymon] MetalGreymon
digivolve to...
(upbeat rock music)
BlitzGreymon!
(singing in Japanese)
BlitzGreymon, huh?
A new digivolution.
(Izzy gasping)
You gotta be kidding.
[BlitzGreymon] Elec Guard!
("Break the Chain" by
Takayoshi Tanimoto)
MetalGreymon's digivolution
adapted to the environment.
It's a completely new
digivolution, BlitzGreymon!
What have we got here?
That is mighty brilliant!
BlitzGreymon!
(singing in Japanese)
Plasma Stake!
(BlitzGreymon grunting)
(singing in Japanese)
(Izzy gasping)
[Tai] Izzy!
[BlitzGreymon] You
leave the rest
of these little pests to us!
(Izzy gasping)
Okay, Izzy, it's
all up to you now!
Up to me?
No way!
I can support you from afar,
but I could never-
Come on, Izzy!
(Izzy gasping)
You got this.
Now go!
Are you sure?
Not a doubt in my mind.
Mm.
(Izzy grunting)
Okay!
All right, let's hit 'em!
[BlitzGreymon] Thunder Vernier!
(lightning crackling)
(somber music)
(air whooshing)
(gentle music)
(Izzy grunting)
(computer beeping)
Right then, it's all up to me.
I'll do it alone.
Wait a minute.
(gentle music)
"I like being alone."
I always used to
say that to people.
I was always observing everyone
from the corner of the class.
Even when grown-ups were
worried about me, I wasn't.
I thought I was
better off alone.
But now, I have you,
MegaKabuterimon.
And that's not all.
Thank you for
everything today, Izzy.
But, I didn't
really do anything.
Come on, you're the one
who looked everything up.
You backed us up, you
supported us the whole time.
The fact is, you saved us.
You are seriously
awesome, my dude.
(gentle music)
I have everyone.
They're all standing by my side.
(gentle music)
So I can't back down!
We're gonna do this
thing for everyone!
That's the spirit, Izzy!
This is our moment.
Maybe the biggest
moment of our lives!
Are you ready?
[Izzy] MegaKabuterimon,
prepare to fire!
(Izzy grunting)
(Digivice buzzing)
Eight seconds remaining until
we're in sniping distance.
(Izzy grunting)
[MegaKabuterimon] Horn!
(clock beeping)
Now fire!
[MetalGreymon] Buster!
(exploding sound)
(air whooshing)
What just happened?
I don't believe it.
It seems the ISS
changed its trajectory.
How could that be?
(air whooshing)
(water splashing)
(Izzy gasping)
(Izzy laughing)
Prodigious!
(gentle music)
Not too shabby!
Way to go, Izzy!
I knew you could do it!
(gentle music)
[Male Reporter]
Now, an announcement
from the Ministry of Defense.
The International Space Station,
projected to fall into the city,
suddenly changed its trajectory
1,000 meters above Odaiba.
It's fall into the nearby Tokyo
Bay has now been confirmed.
No casualties have
been reported.
(all laughing)
I repeat, the International
Space Station,
which was projected
to fall into the city,
suddenly changed its trajectory
1,000 meters above Odaiba.
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] Next up on the
Digimon Encyclopedia is
BlitzGreymon.
This Digimon is
subspecies of WarGreymon.
BlitzGreymon protects allies
with a shield made
of plasma particles.
Now check this out!
Ever since MetalGreymon
digivolved into
this cool new form,
Tentomon keeps mumbling it
being "mighty brilliant!"
Don't worry, one day you'll
get to shine too, Tentomon!
(bright music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] When
Gogmamon repels attacks
with a gemstone body,
Mimi unleashes her
ultimate secret plan.
[Tai] Next time on "Digimon
Adventure: Mimi Wars."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.